IMPORTANT - PLEASE READ
This is somewhat long but it is critical that you read this before changing some of the advanced options.
- December 1996
Development of Enemy Nations was started 2 years ago. At the time we had to guess what types of machines would be selling for Christmas 96 as our high-end target (the 486/66 was our low-end target). We wanted to create a game that played well on the low-end but scaled up and gave high-end systems everything they could ask for. We predicted that 200 MHz systems with MMX and 64Meg of RAM would be standard for Christmas 97. We missed by 6 months.
In addition, we decided to take the art far beyond what any other company had done. We realized that having incredibly hi-res art would increase the size of the sprites. What we could not predict was how much it increased it. This was mostly due to the incredibly detailed job the artists did. The art was beautiful but also a lot larger than expected.
If you use 8-bit art and no zoom 0, Enemy Nations runs fine on a 486/66 with 8Meg of memory. And with these settings Enemy Nations has art that is significantly better than any other real-time game presently shipping.
However, the combination of the above two items gave us art that, at full color and all 4 zoom levels, is over 400Meg in size. This is not a typo. Where most other real-time games generally have 5 - 10 Meg of art, in 32-bit color mode with zoom 0 Enemy Nations has 400Meg of art. Needless to say, this requires a bit more machine.
This left us with 2 choices. First, we could disable all features that would not run on systems shipping today. This was the sensible choice because users feel let down if they cannot play a game with all features turned on, no matter how good the game is in the mode their machine can handle. The other choice is to leave these features in so that people can make use of them if they buy a newer machine. We are leaving the features in so you can use them. But it may be several years before you can run with all settings on maximum. (On the flip side, you should find Enemy Nation’s graphics to be among the best of any game even 1 - 2 years from now.)

These settings are dependent on 3 parts of your system, the clock speed, the available memory, and the CD speed. We will address each of those parts below so you know what to expect.
If you increase the bit depth of the art, the size of all your art is increased. This increases the load time and memory required to store the art. 15/16-bit art is twice the size of 8-bit art, 24-bit is 3 times, and 32-bit is 4 times. So your memory requirements (both physical and virtual) go up by 2/3/4X. Your CD speed also needs to increase by this amount to pull the art off of the CD quickly. Finally your CPU speed needs to be about 3X faster for all non 8-bit art both to handle the extra virtual memory work and because the decompression code for 15/16-bit art is slow. 
When rendering the screen 24 times a second in 15/16/24/32-bit mode the processor needs to handle 2/3/4 times as much data per pixel. And this quite simply requires the processor to be 2/3/4 times as fast.
If you add zoom 0 you will need to load about 5X as much art as before (the zoom 0 art is about 4X the size of all the other art). So again you will need 5X the memory, a 20X CD ROM drive, and a faster processor. However, zoom 0 is actually the most efficient zoom level to render so you do not need a faster processor while playing.
Note that aside from rendering hi-res art, the faster processor and CD are not essential to play Enemy Nations at the higher settings, just to load the sprites in a reasonable amount of time. For example, a 486/66 with a 1X CD ROM drive could load and play 8-bit art with zoom level 0 – it would just take a very long time to load.

Finally we come to the music & sound effects. Enemy Nations has all music as both MIDI and as 22K, 16-bit, Stereo digital audio. It has all sound effects as both 11K, 8-bit and 22K, 16-bit. At the low end with MIDI music and 8-bit sfx Enemy Nations can play on almost any system. (This is also the shareware version because it is less data.)
Because we had the low-end covered, we pushed the upper end to near CD-Audio level quality. But this requires a system with at least a 6X CD-ROM and P/120 processor. If you have less than that then the system drops back to the low-end music/sfx. (One note, except on very low-end systems, digital audio music will be played when not in the game, such as in the main screen.)
Because we had MIDI/8-bit for the low-end, we could give you awesome sound for the hi-end. But it means people in the middle will have to use the low-end MIDI/sfx. Which for most PC speakers will sound as good as the hi-end sound.

If you set the art and music to the "based on" settings, it will make an informed choice for you. This choice may change from game to game because each time Enemy Nations starts up it estimates the CPU speed and CD speed and these measurements will differ slightly from game to game. We strongly recommend you leave these settings alone. However, if you wish, you can change them. And aside from memory requirements, Enemy Nations will run. It just may run too slow.
And hopefully, over the next several years, when you upgrade your system, you will find that Enemy Nations continues to deliver leading-edge art and sound.
