PRINT THIS OUT SO YOU CAN REFER TO IT AS YOU FOLLOW IT!!

While Enemy Nations can easily run on a system with only 8M of physical 
memory, it requires 60M of virtual memory. Windows 3.1's default 
configuration limits virtual memory to 4 time physical memory. So a system
with 8M of physical memory can only have 32M of virtual memory.

This limit can be increased (and the increase will provide additional virtual
memory for all of your Windows applications). However, we cannot do it for
you automatically. You need to print this document and follow the below
steps.

Note: If you are reading this in setup, complete setup and then print the
file win31.txt (which is this file) and complete the following steps. There
is no problem installing Enemy Nations before you perform the below steps,
you just can't play it until you do.

	1) Bring up the Control Panel.

	2) Bring up the "Enhanced" applet.

	3) Press the "Virtual Memory" button.

	4) Press the "Change >>" button.

	5) Change the swapfile settings to either "None" or "Temporary".

	6) Press "OK"

	7) Press "Yes" "you want to make changes to virtual-memory settings".

	8) Press "OK"

	9) Press "No" on the choice to "Restart Windows."

	10) Exit Windows. (Do not "restart" windows - exit it to DOS.)

	11) Make sure you have at least 120M of free space on your hard drive.

	12) Defragment your hard drive (PC Tools & Norton Utilites can do this).

	12a) In DOS 6 and later this program is named defrag.exe and you should
	     be able to run it by typing "defrag /f".

	12b) If you have Norton Utilities this program is named sd.exe and you
	     should be able to run it by typing "sd".

	13) Edit your system.ini file and add/change the setting
		[386Enh]
		PageOverCommit=10

	note: This is the multiple of physical memory to virtual memory. So 
	      depending on your physical memory you can set it to the following
		  values (you need 80M including Windows itself):
		  physical memory		setting
		  8M					10
		  12M					7
		  16M					5
		  20M					4 (ie you shouldn't need to do this)

	13a) The line [386Enh] will already exist in your system.ini file DO NOT ADD
	     A SECOND INSTANCE OF THE LINE. You need to find the existing instance of
		 [386Enh] and add the PageOverCommit line AFTER [386Enh] and BEFORE any other
		 line that is bracketed with [].

	13b) It is unlikely that you already have a line with the PageOverCommit setting.
	     However, if you do, you need to edit that line, not add a second line. Do
		 not decrease the number for it. If the existing number is greater than or
		 equal to the value Enemy Nations requires, leave it alone.

	13c) The total text you will add should be like the following line:
				PageOverCommit=10
	     Nothing more (or less). The above table lists out the different values
		 needed depending on how much physical memory you have but you do not
		 include the physical memory size and you do not have multiple lines of
		 text. You are just adding 1 simple line of text and it must be in the
		 [386Enh] section.

	13d) If you are not sure how much physical (not virtual) memory you have then
	     enter "PageOverCommit=10". It will not hurt you to do this if you have
		 more than 8M of RAM.

	14) Restart Windows. If for any reason Windows will not restart, undo the
	    changes you made in step 13.

	15) Bring up the Control Panel.

	16) Bring up the "Enhanced" applet.

	17) Press the "Virtual Memory" button.

	18) Press the "Change >>" button.

	19) Change the swapfile settings to "Permanent".

	20) Set the swapfile size to "80000" KB or greater.

	21) Press "OK"

	22) Press "Yes" "you want to make changes to virtual-memory settings".

	23) Press "OK"

	24) Press "Yes" on the choice to "Restart Windows."
	
Congratulations. Your system now has over 80M of virtual memory and can run
Enemy Nations.