This is a demonstration version of Enemy Nations, a product of Viacom New Media.  This demonstration version is free and is a partial sample of the complete game.
© 1996 Viacom International Inc.  All Rights Reserved.  Viacom New Media, Enemy Nations and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Viacom International Inc.
WARNING!
The Enemy Nations software and documentation distributed on the Viacom New Media World-Wide Web Site is provided "AS IS" for your personal use and may not be re-distributed for commercial gain or otherwise.  The entire risk arising out of the use or performance of such software and documentation remains with you.  Viacom New Media expressly disclaims all warranties and/or conditions, express or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of third party rights.  In no event shall Viacom New Media or its suppliers be liable for any incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages whatsoever arising out of the use of or inability to use the software or documentation, even if Viacom New Media has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.  In such case, any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days.  
The visuals, musical and other materials provided by Viacom International Inc. and contained on this demo are owned and licensed for use by Viacom International Inc., and are protected under the copyright laws of the United States and international treaties.  All materials contained on this demo, including all trademarks and copyrighted materials, are for personal, non-commercial, private use only.  Any unauthorized reproduction, duplication, publication, public exhibition, up loading or down loading of materials contained on this demo, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.  Any unauthorized use may subject the offender to civil liability and criminal prosecution under applicable federal and state laws.
