This is a demonstration version of Enemy Nations, a product of Windward Studios, Inc..  This demonstration version is free and is a partial sample of the complete game.
© 1995 - 1997 Windward Studios Inc.  All Rights Reserved.  Windward Studios, Inc., Enemy Nations and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Windward Studios Inc.
WARNING!
The Enemy Nations software and documentation distributed on the Windward Studios, Inc. World-Wide Web Site is provided "AS IS" for your personal use and may not be re-distributed for commercial gain or otherwise.  The entire risk arising out of the use or performance of such software and documentation remains with you.  Windward Studios, Inc. expressly disclaims all warranties and/or conditions, express or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of third party rights.  In no event shall Windward Studios, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages whatsoever arising out of the use of or inability to use the software or documentation, even if Windward Studios, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.  In such case, any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days.  
The visuals, musical and other materials provided by Windward Studios Inc. and contained on this demo are owned and licensed for use by Windward Studios Inc., and are protected under the copyright laws of the United States and international treaties.  All materials contained on this demo, including all trademarks and copyrighted materials, are for personal, non-commercial, private use only.  Any unauthorized reproduction, duplication, publication, public exhibition, up loading or down loading of materials contained on this demo, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.  Any unauthorized use may subject the offender to civil liability and criminal prosecution under applicable federal and state laws.
